Model United Nations(MUN)~ Organized by Manasyaa Foundation

Name:
Date(/s):July 2021
Cost:

Brief Description: An MUN is a replica model of the official UN in which volunteers roleplay delegates of various countries registered in the UN(193 countries).
Every MUN has a set of committees and the agendas(or topics) are segregated into these committees. In every MUN, a volunteer is provided with a committee and its agenda.
The MUN session is a form of a uniform debate in which countries debate on a topic and reach to a peaceful solution. This is done at the very end of the MUN session when 
Delegates of several countries propose resolutions and those resolutions are voted upon by the delegates of all countries. On the basis of the majority of votes,
a certain resolution is passed. MUN sessions can last for 1-3 days usually. But its all upto the voting procedures to continue an MUN or put an end to it.

Team Details:
1.Organizers: Members of Manasyaa Foundation
2.Collaborations from other Organizations:
3.Working Days of MUN: 1
4.No. Of Committees: 2
5.Committees:
6.Agenda:

Collaboration Terms: 1.Minumum 5 members of the partnering organization have to be virtually present on the day of MUN. 
                     2.All members are required to post any and all stories related to the MUN on instagram and other social media sites if required.
                     3.All members joining the event from the partnering organization are required to pay a minimal fee of 100 Rs. considering this 
                       is a fundraiser program.
                     4.In exchange for your support in the MUN event, we will be oblidged to attend any and all events conducted by your respected organization
                       in an upcoming span of 6 months starting from the month of August 
                     5.Controls of the event shall be mutually shared between the two organizations. 
                     **This agreement is conditional upon both organizations approval to all terms and regulations mentioned above.  
            
Appreciation Certificates: 1.Best Delegate Certificate(1 per committee)
                           2.Special Mention(3 per committee)
                           3.Participation Certificate

Cash Rewards: 1. A cash prize of 600Rs will be rewarded to the best delagate 
              2. A cash prize of 400Rs will be rewarded to special mentioned delegates
              

Collaboration Message(Example): 
Greetings! I hope you and your family are doing fine. I am a member of Manasyaa Foundation. We are a student-led organization aiming for a better future.  
We are organizing an MUN program focusing on teenagers. We would be avidly interested in collaborating with your organisation for a smooth run of this event. 
Manasyaa will be very grateful to have you on board with us. Collaboration terms and event details will be mailed to you shortly if you’re interested in this collaboration. 
Hoping for  a prompt reply
Regards Aditya

MUN Preps(Storyline)
One month before(Preparing a plan of action(action plan), Execution of the plan)
1.The MUN organized by Manasyaa Foundation is a Fundraiser initiative. All the funds raised through the means of MUN will be shared mutually in the official fundraiser programs preps and promotions and the rest of the raised funds shall be used for donation purposes. 
2.All the members of Manasyaa will be required to pay for the MUN event and it is mandatory for everyone to attend the event considering this is a fundraiser event for a social cause. Also, we need a good crowd for the MUN
3.Partnering organisations will also have to accompany us in the event and also pay a reduced fee of 150 Rs for the MUN. 
4.After  a week of extensive Planning for the MUN, the execution process will begin. Starting with the content work for MUN including video, posters and written documents to be sent to the MUN volunteers. 
5.Duties during the MUN 
Executive committee~ this committee will make basic decisions like  controlling the timings of the conference and the rules of procedure followed in the MUN
Programs committee~ this committee decides the number of topics and sub topics to be discussed and the number of people to be included in the speakers list keeping the time in mind, coordinating with the executive committee on that part. They also keep a record of the Mod and Un-mod caucuses.
The chair~ A chair is the person who moderates the whole MUN. The chair makes sure that the rules of procedure are strictly followed by the delegates. 
Co-chair(/Vice chair)~ Co-chair is the one who accomplishes all the side duties like taking attendance in the conference, counting the number of votes.
President~
          
           6. Procedures and Types of debate forms in MUN
                 a. Working Paper~ Working papers involve ideas of a particular delegate in an 
                     Informal way and when this is agreed upon by a certain number of delegates, then                        
                     This working paper is converted into a resolution  
                 b. Resolution~ A resolution is written by a delegate. The written resolution has to be
                     precise, to the point and not too long. A resolution is proposed at the end of the 
                     Session and the proposed resolution involves a peaceful solution preferred by the
                     Delegate who writes the resolution.
 
                 c. Moderated Caucus~ This is a formal way for allowing individual delegates to speak
                     Speak on a sub-topic for a short period of time.

                 d. Unmoderated Caucus~ This is an informal session that is conducted for the
                     Delegates to exchange ideas, and discuss on any topic.


Flow of money
  Entry fees: Main source of raised income
  Collabs: Secondary Income and Promotions
  Main source exit: Prize Money
  Left over: donations of sorts(not decided), fundraiser program Preparations





               
 
